Fix internal link to 'DOMString' (#14567)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/syncmanager/gettags/index.md

### Returns

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to an array of {{DOMxRef("DOMString")}}s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to an array of strings
```

...we are deprecating references to `DOMString` in our docs, because we think it doesn't add anything, practically, over just "string".
